Update Troubleshoot section with a Win error submitted by a Student Ambassador (#41045)
dotnet/docs: docs/ai/quickstarts/includes/prerequisites-and-azure-deploy.md

## Troubleshoot

> On Windows, you might get the following errosr message after running `azd up`:

Reviewer: typo:

```suggestion
On Windows, you might get the following error messages after running `azd up`:
```
